and she is that the post was jonathan
launching on the men and women in
situations that I currently see in the
actuality singing with the woman is this
power all that she has today the modern
she has the woman could not choose
to work
so check it out today as men
vehicles will be that men of the 21st century
He is a little afraid of the woman.
modern as weak
hence the people about how the opinion of the
in line with this matter what they
think about the bag man and modern
Is the man afraid of the woman?
and he does not know how to
to relate
What does she want as she is then maybe from here?
by little I will give my opinion on
this subject wins the following I think
how I got to be afraid but I see the
man work better
inferior is the fear of the 21st century man is
only a war for me is this is fear of
woman become ever more caring to
and he is what is really happening
that of mass mega space in society
and man's peerless collar then the
I almost did not go out or understand
the woman had more the scenario is being
larger than I do not know space in a way
incredible face the woman the ina of the whole
money is in the battle can speak
It's not because it's because tomorrow is what
will define your style this is not only the
clothes style is what you know you
talk your way so
good afternoon guys, my name is peter
hakim tell you a little bit here
about the woman and a man of the 21st century
the woman more and more she seeks her
place in society leaving only
be the hostess and she starts
contribute financially to its
home
then begins to take the authorities away from
men they had since the times
ancient
some men do not like it have
that macho thinking but I think
all must have the same right in the
relationship
but a feeling they remain the same
want a happy home with the older husband
to gain more from her and her
children
only that men prefer more women
young people and a little social
bottom
so the older and better
successful woman but this is for
realize this dream only the time to
change customs to allow
men and women without finding
again
Hi. My name is Frank.
I'm 20 years old in 2011 compared to
much much more liberal is more
independent
formerly the right to vote for
example
today if an advance in what concerns
equal to equal rights
men and women, but one can still see
difference in issues such as opportunity
professional and economic beyond
participation in politics as well
few women have if they are participate
clear policy that we have today
dilma
finally the social role of women culture
eg human paper ply
inferiority of the Arab woman she has
a life practice completely
different from the very western woman
very restricted to their rights to their
to dispose of but often simply
and there are still many cases of
domestic violence as well.
despite the law Maria of the cliff is in Brazil
to see what has been preventing equality
of gender is a certain cultural barrier
that it exists, it is true that
there are prejudices but women who
The expected day after day is believe and
I hope this progress continues
gender equality
No, mother. I 'm not going to wash the dishes. It 's a
woman
Hey, people, people, know how to be a woman.
also know how to respect the space of each
woman's functions are for society
your opinion and this is it we will respect
my other know how to each occupy your
role in society
I will say that I respect with much love
the bishopric of heart that everybody
I was going to leave until the next material hugs
women are mission, not me, we want
they even with this said reason
and the pressure than men more than 6
[Music]